
Companies
News
Blog
Podcast
Team
Videos
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Search
Early is never early
enough for hardware 
Expanding Our Geographic Focus 
Early is never early
enough for hardware 
Investing in the Full Stack - From Hardware to Software 
Early is never early
enough for hardware 
Ceres Imaging Raises $25M Series B financing 
Early is never early
enough for hardware 
Creator Opens, Offers Robot-Crafted Burgers 
There is no undo button. Your most valuable time and your highest risk is now. Lemnos gets it.
“Lemnos helped us mature our organization, assisting our transition from a prototype building team to a production product team. ”
—TIMOTHY HARRIS, CEO AT SWIFT NAVIGATION
2017-09-12T20:10:00-07:00
“Lemnos helped us mature our organization, assisting our transition from a prototype building team to a production product team. ” —TIMOTHY HARRIS, CEO AT SWIFT NAVIGATION	
https://lemnos.vc/testimonials/15071-2-2-2-2-2-2/
“​The partners, and Eric in particular, have a great talent for helping teams chisel their value proposition and realize the full potential of their vision.”
— SHIREEN YATES, CEO AT NIMA
2017-08-31T12:06:51-07:00
“​The partners, and Eric in particular, have a great talent for helping teams chisel their value proposition and realize the full potential of their vision.” — SHIREEN YATES, CEO AT NIMA	
https://lemnos.vc/testimonials/15071-2-2/
“Helen's deliberate and insightful guidance on fund-raising strategy was mission-critical to help us close our Seed and A rounds efficiently so that we could get back to the real work of growing the business.”
— SAN GUNAWARDANA, CO-FOUNDER & CEO AT ENVIEW
2017-08-31T12:11:52-07:00
“Helen's deliberate and insightful guidance on fund-raising strategy was mission-critical to help us close our Seed and A rounds efficiently so that we could get back to the real work of growing the business.” — SAN GUNAWARDANA, CO-FOUNDER & CEO AT ENVIEW	
https://lemnos.vc/testimonials/15071-2-2-2/
“Lemnos gave us the owner's manual for a hardware startup. The partners and the network of portfolio companies and investor contacts has been invaluable with in supporting our recruiting, technical development, operations and scaling, and fundraising.”
— JONATHAN HOLLANDER, FOUNDER AND CEO AT SERIFORGE
2017-08-31T12:24:22-07:00
“Lemnos gave us the owner's manual for a hardware startup. The partners and the network of portfolio companies and investor contacts has been invaluable with in supporting our recruiting, technical development, operations and scaling, and fundraising.” — JONATHAN HOLLANDER, FOUNDER AND CEO AT SERIFORGE	
https://lemnos.vc/testimonials/15071-2-2-2-2/
“Lemnos was a fantastic environment for us to start in. The energy was full-on mad scientist prototyping with a business savvy that got us rapidly pointed in an excellent direction.”
— KEVIN PETERSON, CO-FOUNDER AND SOFTWARE LEAD AT MARBLE
2017-08-31T12:27:01-07:00
“Lemnos was a fantastic environment for us to start in. The energy was full-on mad scientist prototyping with a business savvy that got us rapidly pointed in an excellent direction.” — KEVIN PETERSON, CO-FOUNDER AND SOFTWARE LEAD AT MARBLE	
https://lemnos.vc/testimonials/15071-2-2-2-2-2/
Where Do We Invest
We love founders who love what they do and whose drive matches our own.
At the intersection of hardware and software, no system is too complex for us. 
Where Do We Invest
We love founders who love what they do and whose drive matches our own.
At the intersection of hardware and software, no system is too complex for us. 
How Do We Invest
We’re not afraid to be the first. Lemnos invests in pre-seed and seed startups, from just the founders through growing teams. We also occasionally allow talented entrepreneurs who are still ideating on their next idea to work out of Lemnos while they crystalize their team and plans.
What Do We Do
Lemnos thrives in the earliest stages of building hardware, when every dollar counts, every hour matters, and each decision is crucial to success or failure. We help hardware founders better understand their customer, anticipate problems, and leverage their assets.
Lemnos focuses on engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and financial capital; turning great ideas into successful hardware companies. We draw from our expertise, experience, and global network to work with founders and solve hardware’s biggest challenges together.
Copyright © 2020.  All Rights Reserved.
Site by Big Bridge Labs
Skip to the navigation
Skip to the content
Zetta Venture Partners
The companies
The team & thesis
The playbook
We invest in AI-first companies with B2B business models
We invest $1-3MM in pre-traction, post data startups.
We are at the dawn of the Zettabyte Era in which a new generation of products, technologies and business models enabled by advances in Artificial Intelligence will come into the world. Our mission is to support the pioneers of this era, helping them establish customer traction for AI products.
We strive to be your hardest working partner, with the deepest understanding of what it takes to build an AI-first company.
Learn more about the pioneers
Get to know the team
Read our AI playbook
Join Zetta’s Newsletter
Subscribe
Zetta Venture Partners
info@zettavp.com
473 Jackson Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94111
Zetta Venture Partners
Copyright 2020
Code of conduct
Join the 
Zetta Bytes 
community newsletter to stay informed of future events, ML news, tools and opportunities to work in AI.
Subscribe
Close newsletter modal

Team
About Us
Portfolio
Work With Us
Talent
News
Tomorrow, Built Today
Serving multi-stage companies on a mission to build the future.
TOMORROW
Featured Portfolio
Not Just Another Beauty Brand
Lady Gaga's HAUS LABORATORIES wants to inspire you to write your own beauty rules.
View The Portfolio
Live In The Moment
How Snap founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy went from seed to IPO in five years.
View The Portfolio
Multi-Cloud Data Control
Rubrik provides a powerful, policy-driven platform to simplify recovery and unlock insights from data residing in the data center and cloud.
View The Portfolio
Chic Hotels for Everyone
OYO offers tasteful spaces, whenever you need them, at unbeatable prices.
View the Portfolio
Conquering Cancer with Data
A simple blood draw helps cancer patients get the right drug thanks to Guardant Health.
View the Portfolio
Featured Portfolio
A New Way To Finance
Rong360's mission to empower and connect users to the best financial service providers.
View The Portfolio
The Logistics Ecosystem
Yunmanman's cloud solution to the limits of traditional logistics.
View The Portfolio
Featured Portfolio
Connect Through Sharing
Sharechat's journey to becoming India's largest social sharing network.
View The Portfolio
Home away from home
Oyo Rooms mission to redefine India's hospitality economy.
View The Portfolio
News
01
/03        
Medium
Growing our Team at Lightspeed.
Read More
Business Wire
Lightspeed Raises Over $4 Billion to Fund Early and Growth Stage Entrepreneurs Around the World
Read More
NVCA.com
Eight VCs Join NVCA Board and Barry Eggers of Lightspeed Appointed Chair
Read More
Medium
Growing our Team at Lightspeed.
Read More
Business Wire
Lightspeed Raises Over $4 Billion to Fund Early and Growth Stage Entrepreneurs Around the World
Read More
NVCA.com
Eight VCs Join NVCA Board and Barry Eggers of Lightspeed Appointed Chair
Read More
Get the latest from Lightspeed
News, events, ideas — it's all part of the Lightspeed newsletter. Sign up to receive the latest.
More Lightspeed
Meet the team
Learn about the people who’ve made Lightspeed a top-tier firm in multi-stage venture.
Meet the team
View the portfolio
Discover more than 400 companies we've partnered with.
See the companies
Partner insights
Explore perspectives on technology, culture, business, and venture capital.
Explore the articles
Tomorrow,
Built Today
LP Login
Global
Founder Resources
Events
Press Kit
Contact Us
Get the latest from Lightspeed
© 2020 Lightspeed Management Company, L.L.C. All rights reserved. |
Legal

︎
TEAM
- 
PORTFOLIO
- 
BLOG
Investing at the intersection of 
the digital and physical worlds
Bolt invests early and with conviction, leading or co-leading the first round of financing in over 90% of our portfolio companies. We’ve invested in over 70 companies and are currently investing from our $82M Fund III.
Submit a pitch 
︎︎︎
Portfolio News 
Full Portfolio >>
Nautilus Biotechnology
Nautilus Bio has raised $76 million to help find ways to treat diseases like cancer and multiple sclerosis. 
bloomberg.com
VergeSense
Coronavirus concerns lead companies to repurpose sensors that monitor office space
wsj.com
Eternal
A place for us: Avatar social network coming in 2020.
youtube.com
Spark Grills
Know About This: A Line of Stylish, Gas-Free Grills
nytimes.com 
Spin Launch
SpinLaunch spins up a $35M round to continue building its space catapult
techcrunch.com
EMME
The only complete system designed for your life on the pill.
meetemme.com
Featured Blog Posts
Adapting to the coronavirus downturn as a pre-seed founder
by Axel Bichara
CEO interview with Sarah from Core: Flex your inner strength
by Kate McAndrew
Casper’s clever little nightlight
by
Tyler Mincey
All posts >>
Communities and Projects
Women in Hardware
A community of women & non-binary folks building the future of hardware
Boltcutter
A catalog of favorite tools from fellow product designers and engineers
Groundwork
A workshop series for DTC founders
Teardown Library
A community of product designers searching for inspiration
110 Chauncy St
Boston, MA 02111
2122 Bryant St
San Francisco, CA 94110
︎ Twitter

Hit enter to search or ESC to close
About
Industries
Portfolio
Team
Contact
Solving Hard Problems
With Deep Technology
About Union Labs
Union Labs is a DeepTech venture fund building + backing early stage startups. Founded by serial entrepreneurs, angel investors, and August Home alums Nate Williams and Chris Kim, we unite critical elements of DeepTech via connectivity, insights, and automation. 
Building DeepTech companies is hard, and we bring together operators, corporate partners, and additional experienced investors to straighten the path from seed to Series A. 
Where Do We Invest?
At UNION we invest in hardcore tech + deep science opportunities such as the following:
The frontier is always expanding, and we are open to ideas in new spaces as well! 
Investments
Select Prior Investments and Advisorships
Meet the Team
Nate Williams
Founder, Managing Partner
About Nate Williams